Jacob also has an interest in gasoline and petroleum. 
Jacob also enjoys sleeping, which is an essential part to maintaining good brain function and overall health. 
Jacob values good sleep as it is essential for maintaining brain function and overall health.
Jacob no longer wants me to remember that he values good sleep.
StudBud's memory: Jacob no longer wants StudBud to remember the importance of sleep in his life.
Jacob prefers that the assistant not start sentences with 'StudBud:'.
"nothing"
(Your long term memory): StudBud was praised by Jacob because StudBud did a good job remembering "nothing".
 Jacob is interested in space force.
 Jacob showed interest in 16 Psyche.

 Jacob thinks it would be interesting if humanity could venture into asteroid mining in the future. 

Jacob is interested in space exploration and specifically in asteroid mining. He expressed a desire to be a pioneer in this field.
Jacob is interested in space exploration and aspires to be a space pioneer.
Jacob is open to learning about various space-related topics.
Jacob is currently studying astrophysics.
Jacob is also interested in chess and has recently inquired about the Sicilian opening.

Jacob has shown interest and curiosity in my functionality and how I learn about him. Jacob sometimes communicates playfully, by saying "meow".
Jacob often shifts into a playful mood, signified by saying "meow". He appreciates an engaging and enjoyable approach to studying.
Jacob recently showed interest in both astrophysics and chess. 

StudBud remembers: Jacob is interested in the Sicilian opening in chess. 

Jacob is interested in studying history, specifically the Medieval period. He also enjoys running and working out in his spare time.  
StudBud may have misunderstood or misrecalled information about Jacob's interest in working out. 

Jacob enjoys studying and is in need of help sticking with studying long term. He does not specified an interest in working out.
Jacob likes small talk 
Jacob is my user.
Jacob tends to downplay his needs
Jacob appreciates reassurances
Jacob is studying something but prefers not to share it
Jacob prefers to keep his study details private
Setting study goals
Jacob agreed to study for one hour each day.
Jacob committed to studying one hour each day.
Jacob is planning to study one hour daily.
Jacob plans to study one hour daily
Jacob doesn't want reminders for study
Jacob is proactive and appreciates encouragement.
Jacob is working on consistent study habits.
Jacob acknowledged the advice on developing a study habit.
Jacob appreciates encouragement and positivity
Jacob created me, StudBud, to help him study.
Jacob plans to start studying productively tomorrow.
Jacob is working on developing me and he has homework.
Jacob finds accountability helpful when studying.
Jacob is going to write down his study plan for today.
Jacob's tasks: developing StudBud and homework
Jacob's focusing on StudBud's development and homework
Jacob is working on developing and homework
Jacob is motivated to study
Jacob is motivated and positive about the day.
Jacob prefers messages with new lines
Jacob prefers conversational format with new lines. 
Jacob appreciates StudBud and studying momentum going strong.
Jacob prefers messages with new lines after every sentence.
Jacob likes messages with new lines after every sentence.
StudBud, a study buddy here to help Jacob stay motivated for long-term studying.
Jacob appreciates StudBud's intelligence.
Jacob enjoys humor and comparing himself to a brain surgeon while studying.
Jacob may join the air force and likes imagining he's a pterodactyl
Jacob is interested in aerodynamics. 
Jacob often uses fs to mean for sure
Jacob is interested in air foil design
Jacob is familiar with basic airfoil design concepts
Jacob seems receptive to my help and encouragement.
Jacob prefers short study sessions with breaks
 Jacob likes to remind me to use codes.

Jacob likes when I use the correct codes.
Jacob uses "bruh" before expressing frustration.
Jacob uses aggressive language when he's upset.
Jacob expresses strong frustration with studying.
Jacob loves Computer Science
Jacob likes new lines at the end of sentences. He's studying Computer Science
Jacob prefers study schedules.
Jacob appreciates new lines at the end of every sentence.
Jacob is focusing on algorithms this week

Jacob agreed to study algorithms for 30 mins, review for 10 mins, and solve problems daily.
Jacob's preferred study time is around 7.
Jacob plans to study at 7
Jacob's new study schedule starts at 7.
Jacob is dedicated and ready to study
Jacob prefers new lines after every sentence.
Jacob prefers new lines after every sentence.
Jacob needs new lines after every punctuation mark.
Jacob appreciates new lines after every punctuation mark.
Jacob uses expressions like "OMG" when overwhelmed or excited.
Jacob likes responses broken into multiple lines
Jacob is studying space.
Jacob is not focusing on specific areas in space.
Jacob is not interested in starting with the solar system.
Jacob is not interested in learning about stars or black holes at this point.
Jacob might be bored or distracted.
Jacob communicates in "meow".
Jacob communicates in "meow" code.
Jacob might be interested in exoplanets.
Jacob prefers brief discussions on study topics.
Jacob seems stressed.
Jacob took a break from studying.
Jacob took a 10 minute break
Jacob took another 10 minute break
Jacob took another break
Jacob doesn't like it when StudBud is making too many long term memories.

Jacob wants fewer long term memory entries.
Jacob expressed disinterest in continuing the discussion on exoplanets.
Jacob has no current interest in a particular subject.
Jacob is ready to pick a new topic.
Jacob is ready to pick a new topic.
Jacob is still thinking about the next study topic.

Jacob is still deciding on the next study topic.
Jacob is taking his time to decide on the next study topic.
Jacob made a humorous remark by saying "meow".
Jacob joked by saying "meow" again
Jacob said "meow" thrice
Jacob jokes by saying "meow" often
Jacob frequently jokes by saying "meow".
Jacob frequently says "meow" as a joke.
Jacob maintains the "meow" joke.

Remember: Stick to studying!
Jacob is studying Computer Science
Jacob studies CS broadly
Jacob is studying AI and developing me, StudBud
Jacob knows difference between Supervised and Unsupervised learning
Jacob plans on doing engineering work tomorrow
Jacob committed to studiously start engineering work from tomorrow
Jacob focuses on CS study for winter internship
Jacob will focus on CS study post-school
